DOCSP-46124: sort option in updateoptions and replaceoptions (#609)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/crud/write-operations/modify.txt

.. code-block:: java

    collection.updateOne(<query>, <updateDocument>);
    collection.updateMany(<query>, <updateDocument>);
    
Update Operation Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``updateOne()`` and ``updateMany()`` methods both have the following
parameters:

- ``query`` specifies a query filter with the criteria to match
  documents to update in your collection.
- ``update`` specifies the fields and values to modify in the matching

>   document or documents. For this example, we use the :doc:`Updates

Reviewer: S: Since the style guide suggests to [use "we" sparingly](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/write-to-the-user/), I think you can reword in this case:
```suggestion
  document or documents. This example uses the :doc:`Updates
```

  builder </fundamentals/builders/updates>` to create the update
  document.
- *(Optional)* ``updateOptions`` specifies options that you can set to
  customize how the driver performs the update operation. To learn more

>   about this type, see the API documentation for `UpdateOptions

Reviewer: S: add period
```suggestion
  about this type, see the API documentation for `UpdateOptions.
```

  <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/UpdateOptions.html>`__

You can create the ``updateDocument`` using an ``Updates`` builder as
follows:

.. code-block:: java

   Bson update = Updates.operator(<field>, <value>);

See the MongoDB API documentation for a `complete list of

> Updates builders and their usage
> <{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html>`__.

Reviewer: S: not really in scope for this PR but I'd reword to:
```suggestion
To view a complete list of Updates builders and their usage, see `Updates
<{+api+}/apidocs/mongodb-driver-core/com/mongodb/client/model/Updates.html>`__ in the API documentation.
```

Update One Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following example demonstrates how to change the value of the
``color`` field in the first matching document in which the value of
``qty`` is ``0``:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/Update.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateOneExample
   :end-before: end updateOneExample

If multiple documents match the query filter specified in
the ``updateOne()`` method, it replaces the first result. You can
specify a sort in an ``UpdateOptions`` instance to apply an order to
matched documents before the driver performs the replace operation, as
shown in the following code:

.. literalinclude:: /includes/fundamentals/code-snippets/Update.java
   :language: java
   :dedent:
   :start-after: begin updateoptions
   :end-before: end updateoptions

Update Many Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The paint store receives a fresh shipment and needs to update their inventory.
The shipment contains 20 cans of each paint color.

To update the inventory, call the ``updateMany()`` method specifying the
following:

> - A query filter that matches all the colors
> - An update document that contains instructions to increment the ``qty`` field by ``20``

Reviewer: S: remove articles at start of list items
```suggestion
- Query filter that matches all the colors
- Update document that contains instructions to increment the ``qty`` field by ``20``
```

.. code-block:: java

    collection.replaceOne(<query>, <replacement>);
    
Replace Operation Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``replaceOne()`` method has the following parameters:

- ``query`` specifies a query filter with the criteria to match a
  document to replace in your collection.
- ``replacement`` specifies fields and values of a new ``Document``

>   object to replace in the matched document.

Reviewer: S: I think "to replace the matched document" is slightly more accurate
```suggestion
  object to replace the matched document.
```
